Added new @slack/socket-mode package (#1096)
slackapi/node-slack-sdk: packages/socket-mode/README.md

> # Slack Socket Mode

Reviewer: Oops I included all of my edits in the non-markdown version sorry :(

Author: oh, either file works fine.

[![build-ci](https://github.com/slackapi/node-slack-sdk/workflows/CI%20Build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/slackapi/node-slack-sdk/actions?query=workflow%3A%22CI+Build%22)
<!-- TODO: per-flag badge https://docs.codecov.io/docs/flags#section-flag-badges-and-graphs -->
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/slackapi/node-slack-sdk/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/slackapi/node-slack-sdk)
<!-- TODO: npm versions with scoped packages: https://github.com/rvagg/nodei.co/issues/24 -->

## Installation

```shell
$ npm install @slack/socket-mode
```

> <!-- START: Remove before copying into the docs directory -->

Reviewer: ??

Author: That comment exists in all of the packages here

## Usage

These examples show the most common features of `Socket Mode`. You'll find even more extensive [documentation on the
package's website](https://slack.dev/node-slack-sdk/socket-mode) and our [api site](https://api.slack.com/socket-mode).

<!-- END: Remove before copying into the docs directory -->

---

### Initialize the client

The package is designed for the newly released [**Socket Mode**](https://api.slack.com/socket-mode) feature. It exports a `SocketModeClient` class. Your app will create an instance of the class for each workspace it

> communicates with. Creating an instance requires an **app level token** from Slack. Apps connect to the **Socket Mode** API using the newly introduced **app level token**, which starts with `xapp`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
communicates with. Creating an instance requires an **app level token** from Slack. Apps connect to the **Socket Mode** API using an **app level token**, which starts with `xapp`.
```

# Slack Socket Mode

<!-- TODO: per-job badge https://github.com/bjfish/travis-matrix-badges/issues/4 -->
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/slackapi/node-slack-sdk.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/slackapi/node-slack-sdk)
<!-- TODO: per-flag badge https://docs.codecov.io/docs/flags#section-flag-badges-and-graphs -->
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/slackapi/node-slack-sdk/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/slackapi/node-slack-sdk)
<!-- TODO: npm versions with scoped packages: https://github.com/rvagg/nodei.co/issues/24 -->

## Installation

```shell
$ npm install @slack/socket-mode
```

<!-- START: Remove before copying into the docs directory -->

## Usage

These examples show the most common features of `Socket Mode`. You'll find even more extensive [documentation on the
package's website](https://slack.dev/node-slack-sdk/socket-mode).

<!-- END: Remove before copying into the docs directory -->

---

### Initialize the client

> The package exports an `SocketModeClient` class. Your app will create an instance of the class for each workspace it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The package exports a `SocketModeClient` class. Your app will create an instance of the class for each workspace it
```

> communicates with. Creating an instance requires a `app level token` from Slack. Apps connect to the `Socket Mode` API using the newly introduced `app level token`, which start with `xapp`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
communicates with. Creating an instance requires an `app level token` from Slack. Apps connect to the `Socket Mode` API using the newly introduced `app level token`, which starts with `xapp`.
```

> Note: `Socket Mode` requires the scope of `connections:write`. In your browser, navigate to your app's app config and go to the `OAuth and Permissions` section to add the scope.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: `Socket Mode` requires the scope of `connections:write`. In your browser, navigate to your [app's app config](https://api.slack.com/apps) and go to the `OAuth and Permissions` section to add the scope.
```

```javascript
const { SocketModeClient } = require('@slack/socket-mode');

// Read a token from the environment variables
const appToken = process.env.SLACK_APP_TOKEN;

// Initialize
const client = new SocketModeClient({appToken});
```

### Connect to Slack

> Data from Slack will begin to flow to your program once the client is connected. You'll also be able to send data to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Data from Slack will begin to flow to your app once the client is connected. You'll also be able to send data to
```

Slack after the connection is established. Connecting is as easy as calling the `.start()` method.

```javascript
const { SocketModeClient } = require('@slack/socket-mode');
const appToken = process.env.SLACK_APP_TOKEN;

const socketModeClient = new SocketModeClient(appToken);

(async () => {
  // Connect to Slack
  await socketModeClient.start();
})();
```
---

### Listen for an event

Apps register functions, called listeners, to be triggered when an event of a specific type is received by the client.
If you've used Node's [`EventEmitter`](https://nodejs.org/api/events.html#events_class_eventemitter) pattern
before, then you're already familiar with how this works, since the client is an `EventEmitter`.

> The `event` argument passed to the listener is an object. It's contents corresponds to the [type of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `event` argument passed to the listener is an object. Its contents corresponds to the [type of
```

> event](https://api.slack.com/events) its registered for.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
event](https://api.slack.com/events) it's registered for.
```

```javascript
const { SocketModeClient } = require('@slack/socket-mode');
const appToken = process.env.SLACK_APP_TOKEN;

const socketModeClient = new SocketModeClient(appToken);

// Attach listeners to events by type. See: https://api.slack.com/events/message
socketModeClient.on('message', (event) => {
  console.log(event);
});

(async () => {
  await socketModeClient.start();
})();
```

---

### Send a message

> To respond to events and send messages back into slack, it is recommend to use the `@slack/web-api` package with a `bot token`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To respond to events and send messages back into Slack, we recommend using the `@slack/web-api` package with a `bot token`.
```

          blocks: [
          {
            type: 'section',
            text: {
              type: 'mrkdwn',
              text: `Welcome to the channel, <@${event.user}>. We're here to help. Let us know if you have an issue.`,
            },
            accessory: {
              type: 'button',
              text: {
                type: 'plain_text',
                text: 'Get Help',
              },
              value: 'get_help',
            },
          },
        ],
        channel: event.channel,
      });
    } catch (error) {
      console.log('An error occurred', error);
    }
  });
```
---

### Lifecycle events

The client's connection to Slack has a lifecycle. This means the client can be seen as a state machine which transitions
through a few states as it connects, disconnects, reconnects, and synchronizes with Slack. The client emits an event
for each state it transitions to throughout its lifecycle. If your app simply needs to know whether the client is
connected or not, the `.connected` boolean property can be checked.

In the table below, the client's states are listed, which are also the names of the events you can use to observe

> the transition to that state. The table also includes description for the state, and arguments that a listener would

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the transition to that state. The table also includes descriptions for the states and arguments that a listener would
```

The client also emits events that are part of its lifecycle, but aren't states. Instead, they represent specific
moments that might be interesting to your app. The following table lists these events, their description, and includes
the arguments that a listener would receive.

| Event Name      | Arguments | Description |
|-----------------|-----------|-------------|
| `error`         | `(error)` | An error has occurred. See [error handling](#handle-errors) for details. |
| `slack_event`   | `(eventType, event)` | An incoming Slack event has been received. |
| `unable_to_socket_mode_start` | `(error)` | A problem occurred while connecting, a reconnect may or may not occur. |

---

### Logging

The `SocketModeClient` will log interesting information to the console by default. You can use the `logLevel` to decide how
much information, or how interesting the information needs to be, in order for it to be output. There are a few possible
log levels, which you can find in the `LogLevel` export. By default, the value is set to `LogLevel.INFO`. While you're

> in development, its sometimes helpful to set this to the most verbose: `LogLevel.DEBUG`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in development, it's sometimes helpful to set this to the most verbose: `LogLevel.DEBUG`.
```
